this issue talks about vegetables that have
the production of different substances
varying over time with the
last year
this is a question that addresses the system
called chromatin heteroatom and the chromatin
variation of gene expression with
the lifetime of the individual
as well when any individual
is born if it already has its genome and
this genome will not change until its
death
unless a mutation occurs more than
in general and does not change
but the expression of proteins changes
much with the passing of his life time
So what is the key here?
expression of changing seedlings
of the genetic code
Let's look at the affirmations here and get here.
until the best response to variations
qualitative and quantitative
of the substances by these plants
for a year
are possible because the genetic material
of the individual the letter speaks the following
suffers constant combinations in order to
adapt to the combination of the term
is a term that refers to the
event of a band joining the
other this is a group recombination
genomic and only a fertilization occurs
in case the plant is passing here
during his life he has no fertilization
happening then he treats discarded the
letter b changes over the year in
different phases of life
This is against what we put in the
beginning of the question
the organism can change its production
of proteins without changing their material
the letter b genetic goes against the
people will discard lyrics and create new ones.
genera for biosynthesis of the
specific substances to create a new
gender means to modify the material
also goes against what we
also can not be the letter of
changes base sequence or
mutations throughout the life of
an individual the mutations are not
happening all the time can happen more
That's not what's going to bring about change.
simple pressure of the protein soon
answer was here O has Letria
genes transcribed differently according to
with every need of the individual